Feature/doc gettingstarted (#36)
samply/beam: README.md

This design ensures that each component, mainly applications but Proxies and Brokers as well, can be addressed in tasks. Should the need arise in the future, this network could be federated by federating the brokers (not unsimilar to E-Mail/SMTP, XMPP, etc.)

## Getting started
The following paragraph simulates the creation and the completion of a task
using [cURL](http://curl.se) calls. Two parties (and their Samply.Proxies) are
connected via a central broker. Each party runs an application, called `app1`.
We will simulate this application.

The used BeamIds are the following:

| System        | BeamID                        |
|---------------|-------------------------------|
| Broker        | broker.example.de             |
| Proxy1        | proxy1.broker.example.de      |

> | App1, Party 1 | app1.proxy1.broker.example.de |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| App1 behind Proxy 1 | app1.proxy1.broker.example.de |
```

| Proxy2        | proxy2.broker.example.de      |

> | App1, Party 2 | app1.proxy2.broker.example.de |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| App1 behind Proxy 2 | app1.proxy2.broker.example.de |
```

> In the example, `app1` uses the ApiKey `App1Key` for both parties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we use the same ApiKey `App1Key` for both parties.
```

### Creating a task

> `app1` at party 1 has some important work to distribute. It knows, that `app1`
> at party 2 is brilliantly capable of solving the work at hand, so it creates a new task at `proxy1.broker.example.de`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`app1` at party 1 has some important work to distribute. It knows, that `app1`
at party 2 is capable of solving it, so it asks `proxy1.broker.example.de` to create that new task:
```

```
`Proxy1` replies:
```
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
location: /tasks/b999cf15-3c31-408f-a3e6-a47502308799
content-length: 0
date: Mon, 27 Jun 2022 13:58:35 GMT
```
where the `location` header field is the id of the newly created task. With that
the task is registered and will be distributed to the appropriate locations.

### Listening for relevant tasks
`app1` at Party 2 is now able to fetch all tasks addressed to them, especially the task created before:
```
curl -k -X GET -v -H "Authorization: ApiKey app1.proxy2.broker.example.de App1Key" https://proxy2.broker.example.de/v1/tasks?filter=todo
```
The `filter=todo` parameter instructs the Broker to only send unfinished tasks
addressed to the querying party.

> The query returns the task, and we as `app1` at party 2 inform the broker that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query returns the task, and as `app1` at Proxy 2, we inform the broker that
```

> we are working on this important task by creating a bare-bones result with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we are working on this important task by creating a preliminary "result" with
```

`"status": "Claimed"`:
```
curl -k -X POST -v -d "{"from":"app1.proxy2.broker.example.de","id":"8db76400-e2d9-4d9d-881f-f073336338c1","metadata":["Arbitrary","types","are","possible"],"status":"claimed","task":"70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8","to":["app1.proxy1.broker.example.de"]}" -H "Authorization: ApiKey app1.proxy2.broker.example.de App1Key" -H "Content-Type: application/json" https://proxy2.broker.example.de/v1/tasks/70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8/results
```

### Returning a Result

> With the task at hand, party 2 processes the task. No doubt, important work is
> done here. After succeeding, `app1` at party 2 wants to return the fruit of its
> labor to party 1 and publishes the successful result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Party 2 processes the received task. After succeeding, `app1` at party 2 returns the result to party 1:
```

```
curl -k -X POST -v -d "{"from":"app1.proxy2.broker.example.de","id":"8db76400-e2d9-4d9d-881f-f073336338c1","metadata":["Arbitrary","types","are","possible"],"status":{"succeeded":"The answer is 42"},"task":"70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8","to":["app1.proxy1.broker.example.de"]}" -H "Authorization: ApiKey app1.proxy2.broker.example.de App1Key" -H "Content-Type: application/json" https://proxy2.broker.example.de/v1/tasks/70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8/results
```

### Waiting for tasks to complete

> Meanwhile, `app1` at party 1 waits on the completion of its task. But not
> wanting to check for results every couple seconds (we're not a postage tracker,
> after all), it asks Proxy1 to be informed if the expected number of `1` result
> is present:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meanwhile, `app1` at party 1 waits on the completion of its task. But not wanting to check for results every couple of seconds, it asks Proxy1 to be informed if the expected number of `1` result is present:
```

```
curl -k -X GET -v -H "Authorization: ApiKey app1.proxy1.broker.example.de App1Key" https://proxy1.broker.example.de/v1/tasks/70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8/results?poll_count=1
```

> This *long polling* opens the connection and sleeps, until a reply is sent.
> Note, that at the moment *claiming* the task counts as a regular result and
> would cause the long-polling to reply. This behavior might change in the near
> future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This *long polling* opens the connection and sleeps until a reply is received. For more information, see the API documentation.
```

the task is registered and will be distributed to the appropriate locations.

### Listening for relevant tasks
`app` at Party 2 is now able to fetch all tasks addressed to them, especially the task created before:
```
curl -k -X GET -v -H "Authorization: ApiKey app.proxy2.broker.example.de AppKey" https://proxy2.broker.example.de/v1/tasks?filter=todo
```
The `filter=todo` parameter instructs the Broker to only send unfinished tasks
addressed to the querying party.
The query returns the task, and as `app` at Proxy 2, we inform the broker that
we are working on this important task by creating a preliminary "result" with
`"status": "Claimed"`:
```

> curl -k -X POST -v --json "{"from":"app.proxy2.broker.example.de","id":"8db76400-e2d9-4d9d-881f-f073336338c1","metadata":["Arbitrary","types","are","possible"],"status":"claimed","task":"70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8","to":["app.proxy1.broker.example.de"]}" -H "Authorization: ApiKey app.proxy2.broker.example.de AppKey" https://proxy2.broker.example.de/v1/tasks/70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8/results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -k -X PUT -v --json "{"from":"app.proxy2.broker.example.de","id":"8db76400-e2d9-4d9d-881f-f073336338c1","metadata":["Arbitrary","types","are","possible"],"status":"claimed","task":"70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8","to":["app.proxy1.broker.example.de"]}" -H "Authorization: ApiKey app.proxy2.broker.example.de AppKey" https://proxy2.broker.example.de/v1/tasks/70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8/results
```

```

### Returning a Result
Party 2 processes the received task. After succeeding, `app` at party 2 returns the result to party 1:
```

> curl -k -X POST -v --json "{"from":"app.proxy2.broker.example.de","id":"8db76400-e2d9-4d9d-881f-f073336338c1","metadata":["Arbitrary","types","are","possible"],"status":{"succeeded":"The answer is 42"},"task":"70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8","to":["app.proxy1.broker.example.de"]}" -H "Authorization: ApiKey app.proxy2.broker.example.de AppKey" https://proxy2.broker.example.de/v1/tasks/70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8/results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -k -X PUT -v --json "{"from":"app.proxy2.broker.example.de","id":"8db76400-e2d9-4d9d-881f-f073336338c1","metadata":["Arbitrary","types","are","possible"],"status":{"succeeded":"The answer is 42"},"task":"70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8","to":["app.proxy1.broker.example.de"]}" -H "Authorization: ApiKey app.proxy2.broker.example.de AppKey" https://proxy2.broker.example.de/v1/tasks/70c0aa90-bfcf-4312-a6af-42cbd57dc0b8/results
```
